It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology , because one day I would like to open my own psychology clinic and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it more easily .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that public transport will always exist in the future .
Rich people will buy a car , but poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to be friends and exchange telephone numbers .
In my experience , when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
In India , we have various types of public transport , like , bikes , cars , trains & planes .
Depending on the distance and time to the desired destination , the mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been on and the place I visited was Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We stopped at hotels to have food and just in case any of us felt hungry , we purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to stop anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
For the above - mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before at my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you give my the chance to join you .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand and then we go in the sea .
It is great fun .
When I was young I liked playing with a ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to visit .
For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the economy is very bad .
But , if you want , I will look for a job for you .
My best friend if looking for a responsible person to look after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you would have to look after her every weekend .
Would you be interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on doing so in the future .
Because public transport is a more cost - effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Also , people need not suffer the high operating cost of running their own car .
But can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane for travelling to another country .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and travel on a public plane .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use cars more than buses or the underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both modes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport .
If I had to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost in the garden , with worms that eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
At some strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
The manager of this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All these initiatives have made us all , over the years , a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share about my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that everything will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
After many years , he still dreamt of becoming a super hero .
He went to university to study medicine because he thought that that profession was the most similar to being a super hero .
After some years at university he met a girl called Kate and he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him .
Kate was attending university to study fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying that she was lying and did n't have a heart .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
The following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
But when they got to Michael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife and kill her .
He cried with a lot of blood around .
Michael got away from there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings a number of benefits in our life .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid being stuck in traffic .
It is true that travelling by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it will cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my city , Taipei , we are always stuck in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine how long I would take to get to school if there was no bus or MRT .
The car is convenient for humans , but it brings damage for humans too .
For example , carbon dioxide , which is emitted by cars .
It causes global warming , which threatens our environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process is started right away .
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
But , even if it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
However , the best option is to choose a train .
There is n't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the route that you are taking and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel itself .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
In modern societies , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
Big projects could not be finished without cooperation .
Friends can communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happen around us .
More importantly , parents give us life and they teach us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , family members play important roles in our daily lives .
The reasons are as follows .
First of all , we can learn lots of skills from parents based on their own experience .
For example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we can also learn how to make a meal from parents .
Secondly , family members can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which cause you trouble .
If difficulties are shared with family members , ideas will come up to your family members and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , family members are the most important friends in our lives .
Computing Technology has been advancing a great deal in recent years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better , and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new invention .
As we can see , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Old computers used to occupy one entire room , now , they are only the size of a box , even the size of a book .
You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Old computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousands of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rekt m8
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
But wait a minute , am I really sufficiently angry to do this ?
Yes !
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
I do not agree with this idea completely .
On the one hand , travel by car is really much more convenient , as it gives you the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue when travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I was born to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I watch football on television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
I play football for a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the best championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scorer of all time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jonny .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like childlike people , so I like children .
I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities for views to make competitions come alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always smile at people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their smiles all day .
I think that a smile is the best gift in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I am the right person you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
To summarise , it is different from some oneis opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that in the end , cars will disappear and will no longer be used .
The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and , with low budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
Development of the biodiesel industry can make a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment was brought to biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boosted economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
Global warming is a huge issue these days .
Governments should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However , we , the people , play a really important part in making it worse .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home according to a rule of the provincial government .
People do not realize that cutting down a tree can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and under 18 years old and provides a free session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighbour cities take part in cleaning the environment so one day it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football .
At our school or village football stadium I spend a lot of time every day .
Usually , I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
His main words : " You must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
I can say that this coach is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
We won first place .
We achieved this result because we are friendly and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to anyone who starts this sport : " You must believe in yourself " .
Hallo my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your advertisement in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer , so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later , so I could speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I attended a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long time ago , but , I still keep the rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training course to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I haven't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .
All members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You should know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to get the job , or the hobby for me !
I hope you consider my candidature , because wo n't disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
Because not everyone can afford to buy their own car .
Besides , there are lots of low - income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to look after your parent .
Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
I like New Zealand because there are many islands .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try of their food .
You can also buy a lot of gifts , like key chains , statues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I have not been to New Zealand but , believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I have the means , I will go there and take all of you .
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
The local council does n't have a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throw it all together in black sacks .
Although the council began to plan something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
Around the city , you can find many places where people throw fridges , ovens , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important to me .
We always played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
In those years , I went through the worst moments of my life .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the worst days of my life .
That night , I cried because I felt that I did n't have any friends .
However , my parents tried to make it so that my party was the best and they prepared a special birthday for me and they invited all my cousins and we together we went to eat pizza and they gave me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I knew that they would never talk unkindly about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has always been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
We both like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking different desserts , too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always compels us to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation systems lag behind motor cars .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after the children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am looking forward to your answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
The lessons are very funny .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . In addition , I have a reference from
my last company .
I have been working as a primary teacher in a school and I am qualified .
In addition , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
Despite the fact that personal vehicles like the car are now popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a constant level , and someday it will run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear power and wind power . Public transportation such as the electric metro use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these new types of energy , and travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a using private car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , and it will become much more convenient .
Commuting and travelling using public services will be the first priority .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , most cities in the world will become overcrowded . This will lead to many other problems that will need to be solved . For example , traffic jams and air pollution .
In some ways , these problems are caused by the overuse of personal vehicles .
People will realise that using their own car is just wasting their time in traffic jams or gradually killing themselves by breathing polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transport .
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public transport services have a bright future and their existence in the future ca n't be replaced .
Hello Alex , how are you ?
Are you free at the weekend ? Have you got any plans ?
Me and my friends are going to the cinema , and I am inviting you to go with us .
If you are interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .
I always want to read this type of book .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Then later in the evening I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects a and stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs . Economic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national levels on a broader dimensions and more rational pattern , because it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
There is n't enough oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily .
Jordan Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
Sometimes we go to partyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
They listen to music and we sing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he also dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the best singer . He sings and talks at the party .
Another person is Angel . He does n't dance anywhere .
He prefers to study at home .
Hello Something ,
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
At the moment I go to a secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is a girl in my class and she is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her eyes look like the sun .
But she ignores me .
I hope I can forget her .
Run for your life
My favourite sport is running .
I like to run fast , so fast in fact that it feels as if I am running on air and my feet hardly touch the ground between strides .
My favourite place to run is in the forest , but I like to run sportive too .
I like to feel the ground under my feet is soft , so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the streets of the city .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it will hardly have any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensitivity , robustness of results and less time required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change has happened .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience , I believe television has both entertainment and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from educational content , there is so much bad content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " The Sailor 's Restaurant " .
There we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time I was there I ate the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space , so we can sit all together at the same table .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it has a future .
Currently , most people are used to using their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to it being more comfortable .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car so much .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all , you need to be able to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , road tax , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future it will have .
I 'm your employee , I work for your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But the pay is a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students , completing summer homework , correcting homework , diligently assisting the instructor , helped the instructor organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning the classroom , very hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
It 's just that your wage paid is much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I think that the government should help the public transport , for example buses , trains , the metro and more , for a single reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search for parking spaces and because of the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback from people .
Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom , because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom was walking to school and he saw his friend Huck and they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom said to her about another girl , so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk to him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house , he sneaked into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day , the people of the town went to church to attend the funeral of Tom , because many people thought that Tom was dead . But suddenly Tom opened the door and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered like an adventure .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure with stopping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese there .
Recently , many south east Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills in Japan , they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for its friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an esay about my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
Luckily , the operation was fine and she stopped coming with me , and since that day , I go on my own .
Swimming is relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool . But sometimes there are children and I do n't like that so much because they like disturbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , too .
I would recommended people who do not know to how swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it and later they can stop swimming .
I think that dance is a means of self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby ; it 's more than that .
Dance is a passion , a way of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions that do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or act , you are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or take dance classes .
You do n't mind if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a joke . You must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog and its name 's Chente . It is a golden retriever .
It 's a lovely dog . He knows how I feel .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different to me .
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my dad are good people .
Actually , I prefer spending my time alone . I am working in another town , so I live away from my family .
Dear mrs .
Kate Ashby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
To work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
We need someone prepared to work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have wars .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . Also , we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the North Pole will have melted completely .
The temperature will have become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will fly above streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my life without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to calmly talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
Hello ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- it makes me fit and healthy
2- it 's a classy game with no friction between players
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
Regarding the above , I advise all rookies to start playing this sport and they will get many benefits .
However , adults can practise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of this village , we really care about the environment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish up , then we bury rubbish .
Meanwhile , we recycle inorganic rubbish too .
From inorganic rubbish , we can make a bag , a hat and other stuff .
Then we can sell them and get income from it .
The creator of heaven and the earth , the creator of souls , the one who makes earth rotate around itself and around the sun .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer their own vehicles rather than
public transportation . Day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicles which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
Secondly , this mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
to compete with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private companies
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my two lovely Corgi dogs .
I meet many people in the park .
I never thought about it before . People have so many pets .
At peak time , the park is very busy even though the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly , the same is true of their dogs .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Family is the most important institution in society .
Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
Usually there are generational problems ; sons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes his contribution to family duties .
Recently I saw the thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
The first movies were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion it is more of a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the last part of Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training in Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with other sports .
Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , even culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who is starting Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today 's topic is Technology .
Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every day and everywhere .
Technology is always being upgraded and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is influenced by technology to such an extent that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can lend him some .
He phoned me and asked me to lend him some money to register for the competition .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't much more convenient unless it is much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution of our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any seats for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has seats for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
Another type of public transport is the taxi . Like the car , it is more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane is a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have more comfortable buses .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear Mr Dimara ,
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Patras , a big city in Greece .
In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawings and writing .
The vandalism in Patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
It is very bad for our city because when some new people visit Patras they see these things .
Patras is a very beautiful city both because of its culture , and because of its monuments .
Why to see that abaser thing ?
Since we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , the police should stop the vandalism .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
Yours sincerely ,
Jessyka stavros .
All around the world pupils are waiting to finish school .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
As a rule , after the final exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in future they see as in a fog .
In view of this , the idea of a year off between leaving school and starting further education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Ten or eleven years at school makes them tired , although pupils do n't notice it .
But choosing further education is a very important step , which needs a serious attitude .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional spheres .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work .
And thirdly , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
This year - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new energy for further education .
One year is not a long time .
But the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to care for it .
People collect household trash and await the trash truck that carries the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if possible , the exact date , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer on this course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost for all the different options ?
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because that is a good way to learn a language as well .
Finally , let me know if I need to take any placement test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
They were planning to steal a very precious thing from a museum tonight .
He did n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to make it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
The police reached the museum and caught the robbers red - handed .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one week in the home of my boyfriend .
I went to a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meandro del melero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
Another day , I walked a lot and at the end of the walk , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
I had a great time at the wedding and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party all night .
You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful place .
And there are a lot of things to see and do .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important for the modern world .
In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They spend at least one hour learning English every day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That 's a good phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
In addition to this , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though English has great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to eye .
English does help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn about the true China .
Only by characters Chinese can literature send off its brilliance .
To learn about a country 's culture , especially its classical culture , the first thing is to learn its language .
Because if we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn about our own culture through a foreign language ?
Last month I was at a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for its big burguers .
Woolypools is a specialist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , but it is perfect for having dinner with your friends .
I expected it to be more famous , better and bigger .
The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is far from people and cities , and the space , which is very small for lots of people .
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed in a general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower . I still have it .
In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time ; you can not have a life , no peace , not a happy .
In In addition , all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
This is terrible . You do not have privacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do not take a photo or follow the lives of the famous , people will be bored .
So politicians and film stars will have to put up with it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have a reward in what they earn .
That is all .
Good morning .
How are you ?
Come here .
Get down .
Go into the room .
Get onto the bus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
Let me see your house .
Let me enter your cabin .
Forgive me .
Bring that toy .
Bring a glass of water .
Drink water .
Eat food .
Run fast .
Stop shouting . Do n't shout .
Let us bathe .
Once upon a time , there was a little ant called Penny . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated being like that because most of the ants made fun of him , until one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
It was a dark night and it was raining when a big volcanic eruption buried them underground .
All of them tried to find a way out , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicky !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until it started a big earthquake ...
Penny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
By dawn all of them had got out , so they sacred until they found a refuge .
Everyone wanted to see the queen , but no one found her .
As they were very religious ants , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
Something that they did n't know was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The actors had monitors that watched the ants all the time .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
So they made a plan to display all ...
The next day , when they were about to start filming , there were no ants there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , the ants and Penny attacked them from behind , making them leave the place .
The ants won the war and they expanded their habitat to the studio .
No one attacked them again and they lived happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
I 'm keen on playing basketball the most . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball every day for around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
I make sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits , not just for me but also for everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I am really cra
zy about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather together my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near a sports centre .
I go back home and have a deep sleep when I have finished .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even to humans and animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of problems it may lead to .
Convincing arguments support the fact that the root cause is that almost all the present - day cities are already packed with places of residence , commercial premises and recreation facilities and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will destroy the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from now on , and planting more trees instead .
Sustainable development should be awaness to all human beings and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse , and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , English in particular .
This is not the first time that I have studied English .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I never spoken and learnt so well as I have since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
The car is n't the best way forward for transport , because it produces a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
I want to say something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
First reason : the grammar that teachers or institutes teach is like the Spanish language , my native language .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
Second reason : in English syntax , the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . What is the rule ?
Is there one ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favourite team is India because I am from this country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won its first world cup and that changed the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sportsman plays this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also known as little master .
Whenever I play this game , I always copy this person .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me but also every Indian always follows Sachin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He was the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
He has many achievements , like the first 200 in one day , etc .
I love the way he plays .
For a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide , is what they can do better , batting or bowling .
If you want to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , batsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination . Discover some shots which have become key factors in batting .
Also , watch videos of some the of best players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
As health is an important factor in every sport , you also need to improve your health and stamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you will have an impressive time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy them here .
If you want to travel around this city , I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
This is a modern city .
People usually come here for shopping or eating .
There are many very popular local foods .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can have fun together .
When you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here ,
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to get a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
It may take a very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
You should consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a hot day .
The advice that I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you become older it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
So this is the advice that I give to them .
Dear camp director ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for .
I am monitor in my free time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , which will be clear if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
In view of my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
I look forward to your answer , Eider
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Organized shares , where everyone cleans up the village .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , and in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
In my village there are trash cans , so that no one throws rubbish on the ground .
There are spcejalne places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , also , on the roof of the primary school solar panels were installed and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysycy , residents of my village , they try to , so that our village is clean and pollutes the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . There are several reason to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passenger so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
Secondly , the public vehicle routes are more far than usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privacy .
Finally , there is a risk of becoming a victim of theft and pickpocketing .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and , for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting journey for then to see more action .
Like looking outside or sightseeing , mingling and meeting different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
To sum up , I still consider having your own car way more safe and convenient .
Public future unless they have plans to at least lessen the journey times and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , extracting the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably disappear if the developing equipment were being set .
Next , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely lead to air pollution .
There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
No one can deny that the pollution problem is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last but not least , mineral extraction will turn out to have a profound effect , especially , on our offspring .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
After she grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no happy memories of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunities that it might bring us .
Due to mineral extraction , many people in our hometown will probably earn much more money than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of vacancies .
In addition , money is not more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and examples above , the disadvantages of extracting valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearance of poo .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue ; higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
The longer we bury our heads in the sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't agree with it , especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only to buy , but for fuel , service and so forth .
Buses are simpler - you just buy a ticket .
And what about trains ?
I saw a TV programme about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not streams of cars like in the film " The Fifth Element " .
Brandon Mackie
Parliament House
Cambera ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Your order for 6 air conditioning units is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We are aware of this mistake . We had a confusion of the number of air conditioning units before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
Since the units were sold in the inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep choosing us .
Yours sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and considerate person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
At school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We usually organise competitions and tournaments with other school .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook different varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and oily hands in the kitchen .
With reference to the above , I would like to apply to the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
Contemporary Art is a very controversial subject nowadays .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
Luckily , the most expensive art is still the old art , like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays , a lot of empty artworks are being sold at auctions around the world for extraordinarily high prices .
Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it will not be possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13th November .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I got there by MTR .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I competed in the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day began , we had the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
After that , the sports day began officially .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I knew that there was someone whose name was pronounced the same as mine .
Before the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and felt the wind passing my face .
That feeling was very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
At last , I was tenth out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 'd tried my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses had got .
My house was number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to be the champions .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the inter - class relay race .
I felt really afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class was the first runner - up .
We had a difference of 0.5 seconds between us and the winner of the race .
I prevented my class from winning the championship .
In the end , my house was the runner - up .
I hope my house will win the championship next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is best that all people go to the place on foot or by running . Also , it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly debated that tourism has greatly influenced not only the aspects of a country , but of the whole world .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies completely on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How ? people become more careful at their historical sites , thereby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale .
On a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
On a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
Through the development of tourism cruises and train vacations were born .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 years old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
The 3 daughters were so different to each other .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old and she loved to run and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter was named Elizabeth and was a leopard She . was the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
She was 12 years old .
Other animals gave them rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
She stay in bed and did nothing all day .
Her parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked .
One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live in for the whole of next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a newspaper with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring winter clothes with you because here it is really cold !
Write to me soon
Alessia
Hello Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up your music classes .
You have been having classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports , because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to classes .
This is my opinion , but the decision is yours , so when you decide , please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Ines .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
My current job is as a nurse at the local hospital and l can do everything that a doctor can .
So , if the kids hurt themselves , then l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June last year .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revised Maths at home before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and pass that test .
But when I finished before the time was up I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I would pass that test and I was sure of that .
And it is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations from your sister on your prize .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already buy the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning I went to the kindergarten and they taught me to ski .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the afternoon , my parents took me with them and we skied together .
My father took me between his knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
When I was older , I was able to get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had to learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
I had my first snowboard lesson and I loved it .
I took every free minute to go snowboarding .
That is the story of why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are going down the piste .
You are like a bird .
It is the best feeling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for anyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Also , you spend all the time in the countryside and if you are lucky , you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
He started walking very quickly .
Everything was dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
A dark sky without stars .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness , although she could n't remember how she got there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
The problem was , the last thing she remembered was that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wind .
She fell sleep again , did n't she ?
If she did , how did she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why could n't she remember anything after that ?
This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She knew her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough to have all these option .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all three , I would say plane .
There are three reasons to choose this .
The first reason is its speed compared to both other means of transportation . It can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save time .
Second is safety , compared to other modes of transport , the chances of accidents are less .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than train or boat .
The third one is comfort .
The plane is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that the plane will be my first choice out of all three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort , which make the plane my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who has attended high school .
Young people want to discover the world and travelling reaches places which would be unreachable otherwise .
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on the beach all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .
There were a lot of people on the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand on the beach .
I sunbathed for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and I drank a drink .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
No future for a public transport ? Is this claim true or not ?
Will we see public transport on our roads in 5 or even 10 years ? That is really such an interesting question .
I think that it all depends on the development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
Hello Lara ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 - year- old male from the Kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to the GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
Looking forward to finding out more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and suitable for life .
In order to attain this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in public places .
increase the number of trees and plants and punish people who cut them down .
establish factories outside of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guide people and give them information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
I have been playing volleyball for twelve years and because of that I have got to know a lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
You should try playing , it 's such fun , but I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to try many times like you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not play any .
However , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself fit .
Michael woke up in the morning and read the newspaper .
In the newspaper , he read an interesting notice .
The notice was about a competition .
The competition was about writing stories .
Michael was excited because he was a great writer and he decided to enter .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to end the story .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
Michael sent the story but he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name and address .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedies .
Also there are a lot of educational channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts have talked about this question and so there are several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to travel comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people is maybe going to determine the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Susan is a little dragon .
Her skin is colored red and green ; red dots on top of the green to be more precise .
She does that every day after school .
Of course , she also has a little brother .
His skin is colored red , just like their father 's .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written to you for ages because I was very busy because of the exams at University .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
So I was there as something like a member of staff .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the dressing room to get autographs from musicians .
I felt like a star ! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it ! It was a fantastic experience .
Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn good money and you have a cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
John
Advertising is everywhere .
There are ads on TV , on the radio , on buses , on the streets ...
In spite of this range of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many ads on television , but , is it true ?
On the one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we watch has a lot of mentions of products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advertising content , but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be advertised and a lot of messages to report to people .
TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the messages in this way .
In addition , behind one ad there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one ad there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of ads on TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why do I make this choice you clearly can ask : I love sun and good weather .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay in the sun because you end up being burnt by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good time to enjoy the little things life gives us and have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and go sunbathing with my friends as well as having fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the heat of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful colours of flowers in the sunshine are fabulous .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the newspaper and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I need to work in order to pay my fees .
I have some experience working with children of all ages , and I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also , I 've just got my FCE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native - speaking country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and experience a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Wysocki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the team and had a party .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She dreamt of being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so badly .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He hated that she was always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
But time was up .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and left his home .
He followed and apologized to her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He had never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and start to take care of Mel .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mel lost the baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He broke up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little human .
Gliding in the waves
Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to do is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to make a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air , creates a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I took lessons for six months , and I improved my abilities so much .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in the sea or in a pool .
Swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Your efforts will be rewarded with success , and you can get it through practice .
·Introduction
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
·Activities to pass the time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign and local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing at the beach or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Other ideas for having fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities that are less popular , but cheaper . For instance : free zumba masterclass , beach yoga , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities on the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both the popular and the newest .
If you tried all the activities , you would have a great time here in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I was glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
You will come into Reus airport , right ?
Well , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
The bus stops at Salou bus station .
When you get off the bus , you should ask someone for Spring Street .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Also , I am sending you a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Regards ,
Mary
Dear Sergio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am an Engineer of Execution in Mines , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly interested in and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project , Chiquicamata .
In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use the new technologies this great project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
My work experience is outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of Operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss in person why I am qualified for this position .
I look forward to a prompt response from your company .
Without further ado , I remain , yours faithfully ,
Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez
Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people are learning languages , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in big companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Today , globalization is bringing the world closer together . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Montano avenue nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August , 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery , model 001212 .
One month ago , I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , on your online website .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 model ) which needs batteries , model 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I have no mobile , I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
The delivery error was made by you , so this time , it should be sent with free delivery .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries at my home as quickly as possible .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad points and good points of the users ' opinions of the Active Leisure Club recently .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities and games which are held creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in peak hours and the trainers are everywhere and ready to give help .
However , there is only one thing that we dislike .
With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid problems .
Given is a diagram introducing the procedures for making bank notes .
Designing the bank notes is the first and indispensable step .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork and they have to consider the security issues .
Then , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third step is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 bank notes per sheet .
The colour will be printed on both sides and every note has its unique ink . Also , the images will be slightly raised .
After that comes the most significant stage ; that is , inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divide the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheets , people will cut them into separate notes and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , the diagram gives the quite precise process of making bank notes .
Even though it seems to be easy to make them , every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could improve our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time trying to inform the oldest people of the village about the importance of taking care of our surroundings , middle - aged people have planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
Easy recycling
The local authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order for it to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
The results
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we have one of the cleanest villages in the area .
People now are worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet , it is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello Luis Blanco ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have good teamworking skills .
We also require that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year 's experience .
Is it possible to hold the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could hold the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to travel to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles of the qualities that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than the one I told you before in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helping at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the latest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
In general , I had only one duty , and that was checking the guest list . On top of that , I had to help with cleaning the area after the concert .
But that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be able to talk to you about this experience .
Love ,
Dominika
Report :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did at your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth taking into account for the next course that will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
They were not only really clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject , even English .
Second , the teachers had really good teaching skills .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This way , we made the most of it and never gave up improving our English level .
Third , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays came in really handy .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teaching team .
That way , we would have been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up the report , will I just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Orozco
I am keen on cinema and I love to watch all types of films .
But , what films are in my Top 100 list ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is one of the top 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows the different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the actors gave a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , and I live in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine at Port - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years and have won a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can work miracles in our lives , so I chose this program because I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work , I feel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for one of the incurable diseases , like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of your life ?
And what are the benefits of work and study ?
But if you look at your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything at any time . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for community service and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I have learnt .
I am writing with reference to the job as the camp monitor that you require in the summer .
I saw your advertisement this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun . In my opinion , they are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
I am good at working in a team too .
I do not like to be alone or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately owned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today realize that in our cities and on our planet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon - based fuels will not last forever .
I would say that , most probably , private cars are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population - growth forecast tells us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own small private helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters , and not even any cars .
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
he price for independent transport will increase dramatically .
I think that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher , while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they studied last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because , after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because the long vacation will get students used to having fun instead of studying , and partly because some difficult courses should be continually studied .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and details will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus that students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For example , in history class , history teachers have to repeat teaching the history of North America before they start to teach the history of South America at the beginning of the semester .
It is very time - wasting and not efficient .
Next would be , students get used to relaxing because of having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , students can not get over the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having a long break .
For instance , learning English should be a daily activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all problems .
I like to speak with my teammates .
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I play badly , I feel agitated , but my teammates give me their unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a high probability that you are healthy .
So , if you are starting this sport , you should do it because you will really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to do other sports .
Soccer is not a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes violent .
Therefore , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
On September 12th , 2014 , I went to New York City .
During the flight I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours during which I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to Long Island because he lives there .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who looks just like me .
In New York I ate so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps : Manhattan .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
We went by car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , which looks like a ghost town .
It does not have very much to do , but there were the falls .
I was amazed at how huge the falls were .
They were incredible , amazing and beautiful .
I took so many photos because you do n't visit places like that every day .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
Most students attending universities are away from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms and dormitories for their students to lower the costs , because most students have a low income .
Other students , who may have family financial support , prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
They annoy me .
Although the federal government which is decided as a role of the USA has many benefits according to the reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , when it may create some conflicts between states .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals , where some states allow this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even though the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the main decisions .
This causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal government blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , federal government , which gives freedom and power , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion over responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting , but they also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important pieces of advice ; first , try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with your travel companion , succeed as a traveler and arrive home triumphant .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler finds a way to get along with his or her companion .
This minimal chance will make a big difference when you visit another city .
As an example , if you are able to get along with your travel companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that they enjoy Mexican food .
Mexican food has a lot of tasty dishes from different states in the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food , and also , most of the time , could get angry about the excessive amount of pepper that the Mexican people usually use to prepare their food .
As a piece of advice , I would suggest you ask for sauces with less pepper .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious flavour that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get along with your companion in order to have fun , and try to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invented and revealed for the first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face - to - face communication .
SMS , such as Facebook , send out 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Tweets are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy and there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment the on potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
The benefit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted to readers almost instantly .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and where their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with the daily activities of friends , making observations about relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their common interests via the social network .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see all the daily activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also , there is a high potential of being deliberately aggressive toward someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , so everybody can easily respond as it is a public opinion .

Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of all , people can post any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was a black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous harassment of a woman by a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to see each other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
The possible outcomes might be that the more time people spend on SMS , the fewer communicative skills they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improve their futures by solving the personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
However , despite the usefulness of these implications , people should pay attention to the fact that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life and avoid using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook and Twitter are that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express aggression towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included on all of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travel , special occasions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is considered one of those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques at the moment of taking a picture should be considered , like learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and need to be developed in the education system to the same level .
The reasons
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generation 's lives ( teenagers and kids ) .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally spring has come .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
The first spring birds have come back from the warm countries .
They are singing funny and building their nests .
People look happier .
They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set our clocks forward one hour in March .
The British summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually set our clocks back an hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hockey as a lifestyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
You think that your lifestyle will improve ?
Well you are mistaken .
To do different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have any of those requirements ?
Then you know hockey is the answer .
Hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . To put it simply ,
it 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have wanted to improve at this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle to me .
Why would I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you will start to see it with different eyes .
So stop searching for the right sport . This one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best means of transport for the environment .
Although some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones that use gas or diesel ) so , people choose these ones and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
Environmental care is gaining strength every day , from kids to elderly people .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for society 's consumption .
If people did n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably happen when the destination is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government should reduce the fares on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
In Coslada , people are well informed about taking care the of environment .
The city council has conducted several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
There are many ecological islands .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as far as two hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama 's banks .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners are mostly to blame .
Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid using a car and they will create less air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental protection is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which is great quality in the city where I live .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is reasonable .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The proceeds are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
She is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that this kind of thing can have a second life .
As soon as the last river ends , the southern border of Egypt is here .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization , which is over 6 thousand years old .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree on this .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization in the huge Sahara desert .
Throughout time , the Nile has been the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the rise in the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off from the red soil of the desert .
Nowadays , the deep and wide valley of the Nile has become the most important transport line for Egypt .
Through the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
They knew when it would be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative side as well as a positive .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearance of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developed , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
But the Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
For centuries , this building has been the symbol of this city .
It 's quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists , who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
In addition , naval wars were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it reminds us of our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are aware of it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand that we should never give up and to follow our dreams .
In this fast moving world , transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their living .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
A number of buses are provided by the government in order to meet people 's financial means .
Using public transport is a waste of time and the fact that there is no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
and sophisticated and you can travel faster .
To sum up , with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded .
There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , there are always such a ruin people who have no public awareness at all .
They occupy too many seats , including priority seats .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , but just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing seats for elderly people is also a problem .
Priority seats are reserved for those who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
Somehow , you ca n't always identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even criticise them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats to someone else .
Moreover , some old people might take this considerate action for granted and they might even command young adults or students to offer their seat without manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize expect that .
Everyone should develop their awareness of public manners .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films .
TV has many benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce young people to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
But television also has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services for an international bank , in the mass market and small business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition of the advice to the signing of contracts , building and maintaining after - sales relationships in the interest of customer satisfaction
I have also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , contability and investments .
I worked for several years on the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
In many years of work , I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .

I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic team .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always being willing to learn , respecting other points of view and finding ways to deal .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 years , so , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
I need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunite our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer while studying for the patent padi dive master
Nowadays we all hope that public transport can save the world .
When we see all the cars in our yards , when we sit in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an eternal traffic jam .
But , probably , this situation is only the period of development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this sphere .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
Maybe robots will be able to drive more intelligently than people .
If they contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is not so bad an idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway .
And there will always be people who hate public transport .
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are a few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local language , it makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same time you are also getting to know its culture , getting to know a different culture and society different than yours . It enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more terrible incidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greed .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
Technologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and land to build tall buildings .
Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
All the examples above will increase the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The higher the temperature increase , the worse the quality of life is .
If people around the world do n't put more emphasis on our natural environment , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Without enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and rough .
In this situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fighting , hatred and sadness .
Everyone will live in despair , but be unable to find the entrance to brightness .
These terrible consequences are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied hearts .
Friends , from now , let us be the ones to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the real danger is if you get discovered .
When people find out that they have been deceived , that their trust was betrayed , heads will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for the cause is the key to surviving .
It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
I did n't choose that . This job chose me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
For the last two years , I have been a member of the swimming group at the University .
I managed to win many competitions in this country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In our modern world , many people are suffering from stress that springs from life conditions .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave this condition during holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option for people to renew the soul and revive the spirit .
During holidays , people can get away from daily problems and also can spend more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking by the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
People can review their decisions during holidays more accurately and helpfully .
For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions about their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual thoughts .
It can be clearly seen that during holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that they haven't seen for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
They can pray to God and it is a relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . This is because people need to leave the material world .
During holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to get away from modern life , which is full of material subjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of developing .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowering CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest mode of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking during hot weather .
From my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport .
For example , people taking their car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable waiting time might not be so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedules .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport is perhaps not able to reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially over a long distance .
Even though cars can provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be ignored .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more passengers use public transport , the less car exhaust is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relationship between car exhaust and lung cancer .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saves lives .
Second , public transport saves city space .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays , our cities are becoming larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person is becoming more limited than before .
If every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling opportunity , I suppose that our streets will become a car park and everyone will spend more time in congestion .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
Drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense mood .
For a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the scenery .
Though there are many advantages tor public transport , that does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one mode of transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a suitable one .
Languages for the future
Should we learn other languages ?
We live in a world that changes day to day and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in recent years expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has became something essential in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also , I think that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
rua francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I have had a part - time job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - old brother very often .
I have worked in an Easter camp too , and I have already organised a lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
It is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address .
I hope you consider me for the job , rodrigo
Today , I went to Winnie 's house with Adriana in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and played interesting games together .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's house .
First , we listened to some songs , such as " Almost " and " Big Big World " .
After thirty minutes , we had tea .
Winnie really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at her house .
We had mouth - watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we played hide - and - seek together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately went to her and picked her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Are you okay ' , I asked .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding because I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
I felt happy today , although Winnie hurt herself .
Why ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house of the future will be better .
The house of the future will be big and bright .
Inside , they will be full of conveniences .
Big spaces will be divided in a few zones .
Relaxation , learning , kitchen zones , and so on .
In the house of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Television will be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can expand or contract .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any age , but children can start to learn to swim as early as two years of age .
Swimming has different styles ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn to swim , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your own age .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert in Antaya in October .
I had a great time with people working as a helper at the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's jobs , but at the same time , they are just concerned about their own subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do our jobs which we would be given .
When we were arranging the concert plan we did work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checking sound volume and lights .
My job was checking the song list which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
They were always wanting to change some songs which were on the list .
During the concert , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
Actually , everybody was worried because they had given their time and effort for it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
It is difficult to describe that feeling .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird flying freely .
Of course , I had some pain in my legs because I was standing all the time .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we prepare for the concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regarding advertising , technology is having a huge and not always positive impact on outdoor advertising .
From black - and - white ads posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor ads placed in every available and imaginable spot .
From buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus stop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer personalized advertising to each of us .
I 'm sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the ads on the buses I see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it will even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
Advertising might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
But , technology is here for better or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
So that I could live more freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in a modern style .
I would build there a fitness gym , a walk - in closet , a swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I would like to install a barbecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed out , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable racket first .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you will need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of channels arrived in our houses in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of channels is gradually decreasing
In our country , one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
All TV channels tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some budget deficits . Today there are mainly two TV groups .
Fewer channels means fewer choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who , to watch this or that television program .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
You just click on it .
They have to reduce their budget
Despite changing channels , we see the same news .
Big broadcasting groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists and cameramen all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broadcasting groups can be in the competition .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to joining your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
From several trips to many countries I have made so far , I would say that I already have some experience of travelling around the word .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different ways to find the way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to find out more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
Can you give me a hand with that ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It will be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wishes
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should go out of the airport terminal .
There you will see bus stops in the street .
When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
Then ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where exactly we will meet .
But , if I were you , I would take a taxi because the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant , as is usual at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to bring warm clothes .
I am delighted to be seeing you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment in order to do work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , a more or less relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think that we should vote on this , because we will have a good night or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food there and I think my classmates will too .
You can eat the best burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say what they are like because you have to taste them .
It is a flavour similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
You will want to go back another time .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whatever American food you want and you will get the same fantastic experience as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern - day lives .
More than a billion people use buses , taxis and trains etc , as tourists , for work , for meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two classes in society : the rich and the poor .
The middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe we will either have public transport or people will be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is even good for our environment compared to cars .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than their film versions .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , reading helps you to become a well educated person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
That 's because while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different scenes where the action takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best thing for you is movies .
Because you can watch them with your friends .
Also , many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
But all these factors are not important to me .
I think that books are better than their film versions .
To sum up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really great thing .
A girl was walking home one day .
She was with her mum . .
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll ! Could you buy it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't refuse her , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic , just like her childhood memories .
At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
Just because I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you did it again ! '' she screamed .
And then ...
Next day , going home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
You just have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and a person to play with .
Although you might be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose in the end .
This sport is not just about physical power .
You are supposed to use your brain as well .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
Like other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and more commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children want to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps physical health and so on .
You can start if you are grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
You can either find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I ' m the perfect choice for this work . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
In Italy , I attend a school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
I 'm also good at dealing with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I was the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , including if I do n't know them .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it every day .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing , because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be guaranteed to achieve your goals at all , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do not , there is always another solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skype and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little , I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I could never imagine : football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls . But once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now some other women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football , is that you have to be ready to receive some punches .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic , traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and kind .
The interior is big , so all the class could be inside without problems .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant and is always tasty and fresh .
The've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The desserts are very good too .
They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional desserts .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
The media accompany famous people , such as politicians and film stars throughout their whole lives .
In my view , public figures deserve to have their own life , without being photographed .
On one hand , becoming a public figure is associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
Famous people are obligated to live their lives in an exemplary way .
However , they are still ordinary people , and they make mistakes .
People are thought to be jealous .
They notice any kind of failure .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , many stars sell their privacy to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent and abilities is measured in the amount of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , there are famous people who do n't bring their life into the limelight .
It has always been very useful since a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the great advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very convenient and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
Cars need to be repaired . Besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use public transport , you can cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
Finally , the last reason is convenience , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to find a parking space in the centre of the city .
Besides , in some cities , cars can not be parked in some places , such as the old city and the city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
Personally , I have got used to walking around my city and my car is only used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
Take the example of mobile technology . Your latest handset , with the latest configurations becomes outdated within a few months of buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss is whether it will be a positive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology took great leaps ; the internet and mobiles made us more connected .
Today , we have all the information at our fingertips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in a new place . Google maps is always there to help .
We do n't need to memorise English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't need to be in front of anyone , everything can be managed through virtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress mankind has made through technology .
On the other hand , terrorism , global warming and greed have become the top challenges of today 's world .
Climate change due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
Terrorist activities causing havoc in public life .
The corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challenges are not addressed in the coming years , imagining better lives for people 50 years hence is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . In the right hands it will be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to destroy the world as we know it today .
To whom it may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's easy .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open - minded person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
I 've worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have really great memories of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attach it to this letter .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
The same with my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brains to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work , for research , or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and exchange information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
Friends should be like a shadow always beside you .
In times of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life , but it is not easy to find sincere friends .
That does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
The more people you meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find one , spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree with everything you say , but they should share their views about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You can find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinion freely .
they use good quality English which avoids slang .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official language . There were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and the economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet computers instead of books
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
Also , they make us cleverer .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
Some people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They insist on not using tablets at school .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
We should use them but we must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
The Big Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong when she told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she was pregnant , he just frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it was easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came into his head .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just all wrong at this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was wrong on this moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago that they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he was just avoiding her and he was not happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do sports all the time , but if I really need do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think the swimming pool is clearing .
For example , after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like bright sunshine and sand .
Third , swimming in the ocean is more dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favorite sport .
Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we should not stay at home or work all the time .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of reasonable use of it .
The local government is also taking serious action aimed at creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste with the active cooperation of most of the citizens , who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
And that is a negative point . These dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to exchange the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I suddenly remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that did it would be rewarded with a bonus point , but anyways , this is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one at home , just me .
I got a bit scared , so I searched for them outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb had hit the city and killed almost everyone . Now I had to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
Finally , after some days , I found some neighbors with some food . I was starving to death , so I ate a lot .
We made some decisions about laws , but there was total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
I think that someone was stealing some of the food in the night while everybody was sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the laws .
The next morning , I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around seeking to kill and eat us .
In the night , I was thinking about many things when I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy had a hump .
I stopped him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changed into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late ; it was the group or us .
We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
In some ways , the fact that she stole the food in the night and I woke up was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how I am going I would not do it , because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOUR HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you feel well in yourself and in your body .
There are a lot of benefits that go hand in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing exercise .
Nowadays , there are a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to control the ball and dribble your rivals on the field .
I recommend you practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and start now . You wo n't regret it .
Is there no future for public transport because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about whether public transport will disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and the underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a perception that a car can give you freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . "
Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
" says a 17 - 22-year - old boy .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fares on public transport ) , but also , it is safer .
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which involve private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if drivers took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree ? " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " .
Disagreement on always telling the truth being the most important thing in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being truthful is crucial in a relationship , always telling the truth could be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
To further illustrate the first point above , you that could hurt someone 's feelings by telling the truth at all times .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted is with wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting the occasion .
People usually tend not to tell her the truth , since it could hurt her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her for other things about her .
In that case , they could still make conversation without spoiling her mood .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters . People usually tend to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strange and inappropriate to talk about oneself too much to people at work or even people that one has just got acquainted with .
If there are questions about things one does not want other people to know , they might tell a little white lie , which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a day off to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent other people asking for details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
These are two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we 're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
The door was n't broken into pieces or fallen down .
My curiosity got me into big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things did n't happen like I hoped .
I ended up getting expelled from the school because the teacher and our classmates suspected Michael and I had stolen our classmate Sally 's wallet .
I could n't believe the teacher and our friends too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak out .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
We wiped away our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know , even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Dear USA summer camps ,
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important for communicating .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of my character , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which involve running and jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking , but because I never have time to dedicate to that .
I think that if I watched and learnt how to do it I would learn very fast and could master it .
That is a good quality of mine ; I learn things very fast and I can also get used to new things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Day number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we had built and wrote on a wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he will find some supplies and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker . So we needed to find something that was a # nutritional food which we could eat with no problems and be OK .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could have a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the pharmacy . There was no walkers inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check on us in the night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway services and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as a result of the fact that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shop near to your home .
If you like shopping , in the outskirts of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and beyond .
As in all industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is provided almost for each area and each building .
Finally , taxis are available and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind , there should be a boundary between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and have some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celebrities ' ' work ' , so they have to take it into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolable spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
These rare fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , non - famous people .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tabloids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are normal people like everyone of us , only with more money in bank bank accounts
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
The Maze Runner
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books by this world famous author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery , which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by putting your in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , and it is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves against the menaces of the maze .
He took the role of runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and looking for an exit out of this place .
Still , they only had the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down , it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that , tall or small , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you will probably miss something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player detects the location of the ball in that amount of time . And then there 's the intensity . If you haven't seen a game , go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd . You 're missing out .
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and set better , and serve in more different ways .
I live in New Eltham .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
Once per week on Wednesday , rubbish is collected .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different bins .
That is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
All my neighbors collect garbage in the same way .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
Especially in spring , there are a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
New Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
Green time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina beef . It was very tasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant is a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant , despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive , and I will , no doubt , be back for other meals .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
They have been present in our societies for ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known to all of us .
Legalization of drugs is an argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
Marginalization has a link with the illegality of this activity .
Also , this illegality is responsible for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start using drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addiction that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has tried some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy themself with friends or just to try them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and be very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to impose limits on themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
But unfortunately , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can pick me up from the school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljameah Street , then turn right beside the farce of KAU University . After getting off the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dear Les ,
First , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doñana National Park , where , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
If I were you and I had a whole summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I would rent a car in order to travel between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is blond and has got spiky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often punish him .
Bart is an energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he actually has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was one dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I would n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest . I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name on it .
Although I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been living for the last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very worried about the town where I am living because everybody in this town is not bothered about the rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they are very dirty by nature .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the improvement of their own town .
All the households nearby the public road throw dirty things away easily and do n't even bother about the order of the municipality .
I see all this during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who is living in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I am upset about it and , whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow citizens and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
People now are self - centred and very narrow - minded .
Though they are becoming so - called educated , but in a real sense they are still savages .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay for my studies .
I have worked for one year in London as a waiter in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
So I have experience of service , costumer care and working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and chips , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Luisa Castaneda del Acuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
The idea of abandoning public transportation is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless , there is another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fare rather than pay for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with a lower income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people make of it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
It 's just near your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station on foot , carrying bags , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or you simply do n't like to drive , you could find it easier to take public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax , listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses to the same extent .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses ; sometimes buses are faster .
Fast trains are always faster than cars .
Speaking about money , travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying for the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is definitely better .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport should be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at an international company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily , you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my case , I had to translate a large amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
If you are looking for additional work experience , though , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favius
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole business has started to get on his nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For now , one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he has to put a stop to this without hurting anybody .
So , yes , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was open . He came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , and so on , but that is what happened .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the time , he did n't realise that .
Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and then he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of summer camp counsellor currently advertised on your website .
At the moment , I have finished the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a counsellor that is very handy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as I worked at a scout camp last year .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp counsellor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics student from Italy , in the north .
I hope to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics , which are the subjects that I like most .
My teachers are very good at their job , so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and , I think , even at home .
The thing that most annoys me is that they copy from me and the other good students all the time .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to get into this school , even though I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
Puerquitour : A great experience for your mouth .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain , and all that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
The first day started on an important date … Taco Day !
Tacontento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
Because Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Again , we ate tacos , but this time they were special .
The name of the place is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet there .
This means that they have different flavours of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
That day did not end with the tacos . After a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
The third day was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with the names of famous women and lovely drinks .
Highly recommended !
Mar Azul Restaurant , in the north of Mexico City , was the location for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
The seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos . The place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option , or you can share it with amazing company , as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a litre of beer .
Almost a week into the Puerquitour .
The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get a Master 's Degree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
Because we like food , we celebrated by eating in Memelas Pub .
You ca n't go there and not eat memelas , which is like huarache but bigger and absolutely delicious .
The dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together .
The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed , so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
The last day of The Puerquitour was rounded off with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about everything and nothing .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
This child has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and her own husband .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune at all .
Moreover , he is just a regular child with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent child .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , in the end , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the true protagonist and the way of telling the story is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , when referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflective way too .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imagining his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who robbed him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe the other characters psychologically . He focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
The narrator describes her as a woman that has earned a good reputation by being aggressive towards her little brother .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole exception of the thief , who talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk in short and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
" Now lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
what a file is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The marsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashbacks .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The narrator reveals not so much about himself or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter 's ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
Probably , the thief will take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , in the graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without tale ; just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a child .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to convey .
If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She had known she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
After finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adoption agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday to Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day , I was very angry because my parents did n't take my best friend , llaria with us .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the time I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . He was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
Then I went to him and he had his photo taken with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life asking him some questions and singing his songs .
When he left I was sad but also really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the world 's best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is that there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide what to order .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try the Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizzas ; all of them are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful , explaining the menu to customers .
Also , the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and dessert .
I thoroughly recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food at even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublin
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Odeon cinema offers a wide choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said that the National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Sports start being admired by young people and can imprint a model of behavior on the minds of the young .
In this essay , both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes , professional athletes are not good role models .
Firstly , sport has become business .
Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
For example , some take drugs or cheat in order to win at any cost .
It goes without saying that this kind of behavior sends the wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the young , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , the city of London , and the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use a first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sources , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
From the 4 sources eaten , 3 of them maintained a steady decline , with the exception of chicken consumption , which had risen over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams per person per week .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which showed a stable increase from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is clear from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose , and one remained steady over the 25 year period .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postdoc at the Russian Cancer Research Center .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently , he visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexis told me to try contacting you .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications all support the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
Not to mention the participation in a pioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in the actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in the organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
Thereafter , I studied the accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
In the course of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris at the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which was declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugo , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
Among the most important I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
San Froilán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this festival , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Arde Lucus .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places and festivals which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing large amounts of waste daily . "
City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
Despite this , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
This analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
In accordance with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program on the disposal problem . "
City X " incinerates hospital waste , in accordance with legal requirements , and sends 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The program represents 2% of employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city has many projects , such as " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city by 150% over the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of vegetables consumed in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The increase in green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fulfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by a lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
Technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have the possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
The avant - garde and futuristic designs of houses will be the most desirable .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes , they will be some kind of a modern artwork and it will be hard to describe the shape .
And what about interiors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with artificial intelligence .
They will do practically everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and speak with us like an ordinary human .
In practice , there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable .
That 's how I see the home of the future .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
To make sure you get the position successfully , here is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers with a good impression is of great importance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
First , dressing as appropriately as possible .
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .
Suitable dress comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being punctual .
Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every day , so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant position in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Love ,
Iris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight- to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
Yet , often , being overly respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership of other people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics , such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and devise some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you could promote your language courses , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to the increasing wealth of local communities .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that a developing natural gas industry equals new jobs , which is profitable for people living in the area .
Exploration and extraction of shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry . For instance , in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create job vacancies .
Even if companies hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas .
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard , as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal - clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Besides having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely good fun !
Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether a few days are going to be enough .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam plus reviewing them twice .
The plan required my commitment for around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
Because of the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to add is not being stressed the night before the exam .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and that are included in your exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies , thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
I had insomnia the night before my exam . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared , but also my nerves got into tatters and that affected my scores tremendously .
Ever since , I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad outlines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can recall a time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had a question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Because I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding back without so much effort .
So , for sure , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long - term preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aim for ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
The carbon dioxide emissions are very small .
The biggest threat is explosion .
However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replacing fossil fuels .
Energy which we get from sun and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
Once we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in a nuclear power plant is hiring qualified personnel .
In addition , we need something that can work all the time .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities could be plunged into chaos , and that is unacceptable .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , as in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups , like mestizos , European Peruvians , who are the second largest group , and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as the survival of the Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Lima was declared a World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through : amazing architecture , like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbors . Through their traditional dance , called " La Marinera " . They also keep their history through religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example of their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , nature reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays in .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a savings account in the UK . I 've done some research to find the best savings account for you .
Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Bank might have quite a good offer for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a savings account with that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
And all banking operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do all banking transactions on the spot .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder ; a full set of saucepans ( do you really need that ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first savings account with the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
And doing transactions by phone is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Take care and see you very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahoo.com
Subject : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was at sound recording .
What can I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my services .
I can hardly wait to see you and to share my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
Every day , as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of rigorous high school study and past experiences , I have no doubt that the choices I 've selected above are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've pursued at high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
I 've also participated in various group projects and class projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission at the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to work with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the choices I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hard work necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect ) and Captain of the school soccer team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays midfield .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Czech Republic before taking any step towards applying .
I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Czech universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and studying in some parts of Nigeria is not safe !
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to any of my chosen universities and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my chosen university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my chosen university in more ways than one .
A dog is man 's best friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
They seek solace in someone who they feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
A dog 's personality is one of its best qualities .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
They sense when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch over their human family .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing that might have caused it .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of . Bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who spend all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
So , having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So , if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problems , however , you may need to practise a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain is after such a big effort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to do canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I firmly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy yourself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit .
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Since she left for Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the publishing industry .
Currently I am working for a as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable and with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tsou
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to see in homeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars , and that compels us to seek other routes .
Homeschooling should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon , since only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the USA , can boast of having it .
There are lots of countries that have not
accepted homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated occurrence .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
education , while attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even family life .
Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized tests and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks :
the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschooling as a wake - up call for educational
systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
solution " and blended learning is the future .
The geography and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , will surely be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy - efficient systems .
In areas exposed to natural disasters , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular regard .
Environmentally - friendly buildings will definitely be on the drawing board .
Built from recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which are more and more popular , even these days .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Catch it or lose it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
This shows how rapidly the game can change .
One lost ball can make your team the loser of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became a passion .
What I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and , as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport an effective way of taking the stress out of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it be in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst athletes , many more are just as interesting and beneficial .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near my home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself too hard .
A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However , there are some questions as to whether it should be for everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills is time well spent .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most people think that this year is for travelling to other countries and spending all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending it in the wrong way .
For example , things might not go as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have everything planned and know for sure that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four - star hotel for 2 and a half months in Badajoz .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers and in - depth understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and able to work under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have pre - intermediate level Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy most , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
You may contact me at f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham , who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
I liked this story a lot , firstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they take me to another universe , making me forget everyday life .
Secondly , it is very original , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights are shown to be fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody , because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in the USA Summer Camps that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in educational institutions or in Social Care .
I have recently graduated in Psychology from the Social Science University and received high grades in both my Teaching and Supervising courses .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assignment , so I am able to be a member of your highly - skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with bringing up my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping the area manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be precise and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Does traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access to , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smart phones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academic .
To fulfill this dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
I am mostly also interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research into the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs in the treatment of several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars increases rapidly , but public transport is still in use .
Especially in big cities where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities , it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than to use public transport .
But what is more convenient - owning a car or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... When you travel in your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are the driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to leave or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or the radio .
You are the boss .
However , as a driver , you always have to be careful and watch out on the road .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more at your own pace .
But think about the costs .
Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
Consider , as well , how many days you have for vacations .
Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
Coming back to our everyday life .
Most of us are living in big cities and face problems with the traffic .
What if we used public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't have to worry about a parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Simply , you can use the journey to work as additional time for yourself .
What else ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the environment is important to you , just think about the pollution .
Let 's reflect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why use first person narration ?
First person narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the story and make the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this story , the author invited us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it had really happened .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrate into our hearts .
How does the author create a world of horror for his readers ?
The author created the horror atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
First , the scene that described the murder makes readers unable to stop themselves imagining the images in their minds .
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Then comes the sound , the heartbeats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
Every time the sound of heartbeats started , something ensued .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
At the same time , the heartbeats also made the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
The whole story apart from the end of the story when he confessed the crime , the madman used intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The sharp contrast of the calm and the cruelty , leaves us with a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals which are found there " , Max said to his friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer , its leg is in a trap ! " , Max 's friend shouted .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
Having made this decision , Max found the courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .
One of Max 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to treat the animal .
Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
Probably not , but there are many people in show business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalous private life .
If you decide to became famous because of your scandalous private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what they are saying about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
The real problem starts when journalists injure not the celebrity , but their friends or family .
Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famous people 's children , which may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cases , they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision about whether they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to protect their relatives .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to them , because of the good food and fun environment .
I went to dinner with 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good , but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order , such as : dishes from another table served to us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after who told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant where I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit , confirming that great places still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my untreated sprained ankle has got worse .
Last week I was lent an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .
Back home , everything started fast - I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I did n't have time for much .
I have been totally immersed in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I do n't understand is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) to myself that I was not counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave my ankle a rest , which was very much needed too !
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and if it had n't been for the limitations of my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit longer ?
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( of ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , it was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do remind me again , though , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go now .
Talk to you soon , Mike .
Have a big hug from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
The Guardian article " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
According to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be reached - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it having created more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers climate change to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its consequences for the economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters like flooding , heatwaves , water shortages and loss of harvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging , according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass growth in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and an issue for the UN summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC operates .
Fifteen whaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that , no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
The World Heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered species in that area or they have a significant importance in history .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to being inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List , the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments of heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
The disadvantages of sites not included on the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
Moreover , they remain on the list of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in danger , unless they do not meet the ten criteria , should be protect by UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I have been following it since as far back as my earliest memory goes .
Cricket is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and take advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket in my early childhood .
Even when I was a kid , I started playing with boys much older than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am a fan of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketing skills , I love his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
I would also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
It has nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help them to understand the insights of the game in depth .
Cricket is going through a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will come out of this strong and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its fans a magnificent show .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket List ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket List is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
It 's about a teen couple who are dying of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people usually live without appreciating the really important things .
So , after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that , before this , I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to meet someone new , from another entirely different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think that " something " is almost everything .
Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
It is a cyclical process .
Rome had its heyday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later , it was only a shadow of its past .
Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
No one can guarantee such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Age .
But let 's pick up the World War hypothesis for a second .
A worldwide war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the period of 50 years from now .
But are there , these days , prospects for a new World War ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people , know about it .
One day in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much older times .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots in events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots in a past conflict that may well have happened already .
But let 's not digress into that . That 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are coming !
Hi Sam ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask your parents ' permission ?
In this Camp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing lessons and so on , but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . It always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off . What do you think about coming with us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
She came down , but she did not scream .
Instead she started crying .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Mother had always told me he had died in the war .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
Now we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
They helped each other and the elder ones taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they became very rich .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of them house cafés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels , which is made of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now see their beautiful gilding and carvings better .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Castle , called palatium , was built in the 11th century , and the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style , which has remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard .
During the tour , the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apartments with world - famous tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and the armoury .
Apart from the featured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle displaying its history as well as the other collections .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one should not miss seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of Polish history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky then , because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother tongue .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer from when I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge of English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrol for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
During the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one was that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one was that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so easy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
In the same way , I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it can also be the worst .
Adolescence can be compared to a foggy path and , even when it seems you can see something through it , in reality you ca n't .
This awful fog is composed of our uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we discover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
The worst part is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear , and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible , because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of agreement , because in the end we do n't only feel anger towards , them but also a lot of love .
Love : that 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , like love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't let us fall asleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as it is exciting .
Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown in the dark .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
On the east of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà you will find a coastal town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishing village .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
You will ride as far as Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatic beaches of Mallorca .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , you must cycle or walk .
As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
Cycling near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , you will pass between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
There you can practise different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quiet sea .
Apart from sports , you should note two different culture points .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of buildings that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistoric tower called " Talaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the cape of Formentor .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : please , keep the secret .
Regards ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
Furthermore , you should install heaters to avoid the cold in the passageway from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public Transport
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and more people buy private cars .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation are coming to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from large families , and old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next decades .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion we can say that , from the standpoint of doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well - known and well - loved sport in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
Boxing is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in their next fight .
If not killed , then more likely paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses among their ranks .
This is just from the elite few , and there 's more from those below them .
More deaths would occur through boxing if it were banned .
The sport would go underground , and there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on , the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people . The new boxers could be even more at risk .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and , hopefully , less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks for little or no reason .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract from the entertainment .
There are all sorts of proposals ; lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn , or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the later rounds . These would all show off the boxers ' skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing ; motor sports and even mountaineering have risks that are real .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be categorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother s in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
This again implies that these ethnic American pieces of literature can not be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and any occurrence is for some good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
In Candide , the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - Troncks .
The whole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not . Because of his training , he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart 's brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing .
On arrival they see starvation and death .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Throughout the book , we begin to see how Candide is gradually led away from l'optimisme or , perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves - the list continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde , but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
She has become ugly and grows worse by the day .
This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry he . Despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course , in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimism is one of despair , not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly - formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
It is true that today one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries , since this would produce a formidable international military force .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all , and even with 1992 approaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
Even now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hostile world .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that , for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war or extreme distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees empires than with anywhere else .
In the last half - century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is , judgement made law .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little European influence on our law , of course . In many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , new law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause ill - feeling and discontent .
Of course , the same points will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
It has been suggested that the Single Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when united , European unity would still , in essence , be divided .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , uniting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are really great .
Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
This loss need not however be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I feel this reallocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst , to a certain extent , I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world , a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision - making which will eventually decide the new world order .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In relinquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control of defence to any central body ,
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
Whilst , to an extent , crippling defence costs could be cut , this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population 's composition .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upon us , but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the boat I think we will drown before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 , after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britain 's relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date for the Single European Market , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls , allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the pound sterling being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , affecting day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ?
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
It may well - but will Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons about Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is , indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
Firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Britain , although small , is more often than not at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Has it then not got quite a lot at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into this Single Europe ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerance .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one : to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
First was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economically , militarily and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Second was the conviction that military conflict should in future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Third was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
Its membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970s saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could lead to a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question , who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes over .
On Britain 's roads there is an ever - increasing volume of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams .
To remedy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic on the part of the road system obviously increases the risk of drivers having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
People are not taking to the rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantage with the railways is , as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the services were integrated , there would be a bus timetable which coincided with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train , as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bus or pay for an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
To improve the rail service , trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
The train and bus companies have to liaise with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price as or less than it would cost to go by car .
The basic dilemma facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general rise in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UK 's transport network .
The biggest worry for the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in the population . If it is made cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off of the overloaded British roads .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicular transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere , damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Torturing the Earth we are living on .
In conclusion , I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western world 's population .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back , why do we still insist that we travel in such a .
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stopped for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
The most likely answer lies in 2 areas . Firstly , the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in teepee s and eat soya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back move . They are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
We all feel that we have a divine right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at this environmental cost ?
Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earlier to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then , surely , so does the rest of the world .
That could have disastrous implications .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much ; there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards . These people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways to private rail companies , profit motivated .
The vital , small rail links may now be closed , whereas previously they where subsidised to make up the loss . Now the private companies can not afford to do this , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport at which Britain can still hold its head high .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters , such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull , which may cause a brain clot or tumor .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
During fights doctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
Ambulances are also kept on stand by at big events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground fights are far more dangerous , since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is good news for the majority of the British public .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although , throughout the years , rules have been made to dilute the sport 's sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently , then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' sport ' safer : having ringside doctors , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvas , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson 's comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view Tyson 's " next Live Lights " .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
Now , let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocritical view is shared by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreseeable future .
There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
My personal objection to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The British national lottery is run by non - British firms .
Since its introduction , there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money .
For example , 3 million pounds were given to Eton college , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasium . Money was also given to the royal opera house .
The lottery seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes . The rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , i.e. highly unlikely .
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high . Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had ruined their life , alienating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give fourteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to a more deserving ' charity ' .
Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
This has made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations and run through equations , and so they need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case centuries into the future .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instantly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ! Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot - and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
They cried , they cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
The world watched in anticipation . We were mesmerized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it . I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin .
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this had been the start .
It was the start of what our now President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain . For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life . Many people had tried to escape .
Some had been executed . I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- he had left his family and friends , his whole life , and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
I asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left .
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there . Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany .
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumania rose against communist regimes as well . Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say .
However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain . Without the " events of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different course . Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did .
However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc . As such , it was the catalyst that led to the end of the Cold War and , therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell .
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology , has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
The use of the means humans have developed is where the greatest problems lie .
Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a great detriment to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
In schools , Geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am self - sufficient - I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priority list of our educators .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time , I had only one choice of language - German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is true in a way . The development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads . But at what cost ?
In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
But even such menial tasks as filing are good for us .
They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
As for making the human brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
It is now the age of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one s in the past which filled whole rooms .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
When calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students at mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public ; why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you ?
This is very time - saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can offer escape from the humdrum routine of daily life by means of games , but they are mind - numbing and uninventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work of men .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The repetition of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and , not only that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future , but what part will man have in this future ?
There will be no need for people to go to school , as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools , I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and have normal people again .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
Partly , this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power that genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This , then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
Whether it be a kitchen knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far greater than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
Certainly , we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen knife responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut existence .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural , part of the human condition for bettering itself .
The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
no - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientist does not make a discovery , then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at the forefront of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes commonplace in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other s ' misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the monarchy .
Some of them are listed below :
The divisions in their family and the fight between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that the monarchy is being abolished in many countries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
There are also arguments against abolishing the monarchy .
For example , many people like the royal family because they are honest people , not like the politicians , who always lie .
I think the royal family and the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people want the monarchy to be abolished , a general election should be called and then we would see if the monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a test tube .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
Once fertilisation has occurred , the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother 's womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to multiple births ie .
twins , triplets etc .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and asking is it fair to the child to have started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
There are ethics involved relating to who is given the treatment and who is n't
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with in vitro fertilisation .
Through no fault of her own , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair to help her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and , in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations i.e .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
Last year there was a case of a post- menopausal woman who , by lying about her age , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child , since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead foetuses .
Science has moved on dramatically since the C19th .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants . There are many complications but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements , or a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not even born .
Bodies can start their days in a test tube .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman , placed in a test tube , and then sperm is placed into the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , and the baby is then inserted back into the mother .
The foetus is left to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial because married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful are able to have children .
In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel a part of her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children , so why should she have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also , the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
As the foetus begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosome .
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperm 's nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y , so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a boy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSE .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consuming the animal .
In cows , it is commonly known as mad cow disease and , by law , any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
The problem is , however , the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beefburgers .
The rest of the meat , however , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. , a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about BSE .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export as well .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed , France and Germany already have restricted and in some places banned the sale or import of British beef because of fears about it s safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversify , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiform encephalopathy , or BSE .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Those cows which had been put down were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not willing to take .
The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jacob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear link has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages , have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef .
Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , were everybody to boycott beef products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course , stock cubes .
Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bred as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
For beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
Watch this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thank you .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
BSE is a disease in cows that affects their brain and spinal tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is now thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim has devastated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
Already the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15% and in Britain they have dropped about 6% - 7% .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD , part of the cow 's offal must be contained within the beef ,
customers are still reluctant to eat the meat in case it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants , where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of one is MacDonalds , where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
In my view , no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production , there would be a lower need for beef cows .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this , the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out , as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result , they may have to diversify into other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
Contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest on their investments .
The stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investments often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracy .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary , then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make too much money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past women have had problems with society 's idea of what they are expected to do in the workplace and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed for a man versus a woman doing the same job .
Gone is the age when the woman was required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the of feminists .
These are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the workplace can do .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their peers .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
Feminists argued this a lot when the Iraq war was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the workplace as not being fair .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
God would have created us all the same if this was not true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and more office jobs are being filled by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressed , and kids are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and women running a lot more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate opposition .
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was , therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docile and backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " normality " and Women 's Lib .
This is still true twenty - five years later .
Women supporting equal pay for women and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
The good of their cause is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
However , the popular perception of them has .
For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical , ideas .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public it was being aimed at was not so jaded .
In this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can be given by newspapers .
Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the TV at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
The TV has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated one becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrity ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many peoples lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic known as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for a while , it s presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and it s consequences have been devastating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world , because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
For example , there is more stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS , too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all - time high .
Doctors are discovering that some undetectable strains of AIDS do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and it rarely occurs .
Relationships seem to be valued more than one - night stands .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous bloc of time .
Despite advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discovery and harnessing of the atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between its members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with the anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever - circulating Chief Executive command post from the air .
In just the past three years , our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
Although old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America , the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With this thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be a warm and friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medical chemistry .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital , but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It was now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and grew , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacterium - the producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace . From the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories , accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous . However , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In offices , the computer is everywhere .
From word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd- and 3rd - world countries ) how ubiquitous computers are .
The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This has created a surplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
People can easily do calculus or other types of functions with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Mathematical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Due to this , errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant - for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Yet there are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( This probably would require an understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In either case , whether computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it s center has changed the size of the world , and communication between the countries within it .
The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th century is often labelled .
I 'm not certain about the date of its invention , but it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to receive first - hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etat or civil wars .
Decisions about governmental autonomy are being made based on that night 's news CNN commentator .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily basis .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
The creation of MTV in 1980 has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewership have had a strong effect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. millionaires are entertainers .
The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
Naval programs have wasted large amounts of money in the United States due to the satellite dish .
And one must not forget space programs such as STARWARS .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years has altered the average intelligence of human beings for the better and sometimes for the worse .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and increased an entertainer 's salary .
The pro s and con s of the satellite dish are numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is this : it has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy is undoubtedly the most awesome as well as the most terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each passing day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy increases .
For not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
but also the capability to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our atmosphere , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of vision from our leaders is almost appalling .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversible .
This is why it is imperative to act today .
It starts with you .
Write your local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airplane , long - distance travel was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather . Also , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
Because of the lack of long - distance travel , people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
Since the invention of the airplane , the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system .
Life with airplanes is more rapid paced .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern - day life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 20th century .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that a lot of progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equal Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even today , a woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how many things as varied as pornography or the language we use help to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
The idea that I feel has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
People are concerned about nuclear weapons .
We realize that countries which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans , it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their waste without being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned about nature .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups have formed to plant more trees .
We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing a lot of non - biodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps those without homes because they receive money for what they collect ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it also is beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
In the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
Now though , people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conserving energy is not just beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
We have also become more considerate of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still raise some for food , but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
One realizes that animals have rights too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned about .
But we are heading in the right direction and , hopefully , by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected peoples lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer , so that whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered with paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of information , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time - consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer , I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , with the use of the Word Processor , I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents without altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets without leaving the house and moreover without picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm now here in Madrid .
How did I get here ?
Well , I applied to this program , was accepted , and flew here from the US .
But , without the use of computers , I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the program , the application for which was probably computer generated , I assume my info was processed by a computer .
Without this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably be inundated with paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible without the aid of computers .
Computers have had a most significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world - from across town to all the way to Beijing - every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While , previously , people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening . This allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event , and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law - it can be done immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
Also , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act . This allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem like the good guy always wins , and always lives through dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the culinary seas had been calm and consistent for centuries .
Progress had moved slowly like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves showed little change .
However , with the dawn of the twentieth century , a storm brewed .
With this storm the waters churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
This wave is the microwave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , cavemen cooked animal flesh over open fires .
As history progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later , ones fueled by coal .
Modern times saw gas and electric ranges become a staple .
All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
Fire , the source of life , has always been used to prepare the food of mankind throughout history .
However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new routes .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where time is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works , can come home , can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
Again , time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
For , as I have said before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzying pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
Throughout history , one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave , which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and , under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th Century , the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it 's killed ) , but the invention of radio has had a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the radio is simple .
There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th Century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people informed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend how different our lives would be .
Every morning I listen for the weather forecast and dress accordingly .
At night , one can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolded .
Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news - making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
Radio gives the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
There have even been forms of entertainment , for example video games , made for this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her TV . is the greatest thing in the world .
She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
A current ideology in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one fails .
One can see these ideas in popular media every day .
TV commercials and TV programs project models of how one should be .
In the 20th century , the values that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life for Americans moves at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , one no longer sees the relative humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that need to be oiled and regulated .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Française , that set guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Academie Française , all literature of the Neoclassical period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
However , when writing Candide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rules .
Candide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for literature to have good manners : they did not want to step on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
In Candide , Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Muslim and was punished for his homosexual act .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
The wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
After the Baron is caught bathing with the Muslim , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
Candide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candide 's marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he re - encounters the Baron later in his travels .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire wrote Candide .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from church and state issues .
He attracts the hypocrisy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentility .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 are greater than Lundes ' thesis .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Most cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less activity has taken place than 30 years ago .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegregation reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
The difference is , today , social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
This is based on equity theory .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudiced toward Blacks at first .
After living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudiced toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
Our country has been called a " melting - pot " implying that we all come from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
The differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain indifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Weisel , author of such books as Night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar antonyms but indifference .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American cultures .
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bounds .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it s writing unique .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native American poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is so .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz and Blues music .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference . This literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance of the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree about its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the anti - violence proposals are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Report Card .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
The NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows show violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
Many made - for television movies say that they may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The reason for television violence is to add texture to the show and not to poison children 's minds .
The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
